---
layout: single
# code: This is where you paste your embed code if you want it to get displayed at the bottom of the page.
title:  "Template and Site Navigation"
category: ["how-to"]
permalink: /how-to/site-navigation/

header:
    teaser: /assets/images/default-4.jpg
    # image: /assets/images/home.jpg  # Putting the path to an image here will replace the header image.
    image_description: "Describe your image here" # It is good practice to include an image desription as alt text.
    caption: # Put a caption for your image here. It will display in the bottom right corner of the image.

sidebar:
    nav: "categories"

toc: true
toc_label: "On this page"
---

## Pages and Projects
In the files for this template you will find two folders, one called <code>_pages</code> and one called <code>_projects</code>. The files in pages are what appear on the top navigation bar (<code>about.md</code> and <code>feedback.md</code>), while the files in projects make up the site content that can be accessed from the home page. This distinction organizes the site in a way that will group multiple projects together based on the differences in code across the <code>_pages</code> and <code>_projects</code> folder.

For this template to work as intended, Pages should be reserved for things that provide overview for or stand out from the more specific collection of projects.

You can think of projects like individual blog posts. This is where the main content and collected work that you want to organize and showcase lives on your site.

Looking at this site, our main content is a series of instructional written materials teaching you how to use this template, so all of these files were created under the Projects folder. These can now be seen and accessed from the Home page in an organized way generated by the template's code.

We also needed to include other relevant content to these instructions, such as an about section, a resources section, and a feedback section. This type of material is what Pages are for. They aren't the same style as the written instructions, but they provide important information. By making them Pages and adding them to the top Navigation Bar, they become an easily accessible part of the site that does not get in the way of the main project collection.