---
layout: posts
title:  "Rafiun's DSSF Log 06-02-22"
date:   2022-06-02 04:30:00 -0400
author: Rafiun Haque
---
## 06/02/2022's Reflection Log

Starting off to create my own personal website was a bit scary at first as I did not think I had the adequate skills to be able to build a website from scratch. But as soon as I started with the basics of building a website while scrolling through w3 school’s website and other resources on google, I was able to understand css to a little more depth for which things are making much more sense now.

One of the things that I’m struggling with my website is not being able to put two pictures together side by side. The new concepts that we were taught today for Javascript by Alice looked a bit more challenging that what we learned in html and css so far but I think that things will become more clear once we get more practice while building our websites as we will be discovering and learning new things everyday.

To be able to build a static website is what excites me the most as I heard about the term ‘static site’ for the first time when I applied for this program. Being able to make a contribution to this project makes me beyond happy as we will be taking factors such as environmental effects, sustainability, digital divide and language divide into account.

The thing that I think will be challenging for me at least while working on this project would be to see from a bigger perspective while working on the accessibility part of the project. And also taking the factor into account that there will be a lot of trial and error since things that seem normal to us may need to get changed multiple times to make our site more accessible to the larger audience.
