---
layout: posts
title:  "DSSF Log 06-17-22"
date:   2022-06-17 04:30:00 -0400
author: Cameron Boucher
---

## Friday Morning Reading Reflection

One thing that has stood out to me, as it has been discussed in the last few readings we've done, is how, when it comes to sustainability, accessibility, and preservation, reducing one cost often means increasing another. Alex Gil talked about this with Ed, likening the costs related to [Ed](https://elotroalex.github.io/ed/) (as a project and a resource/tool) to an audio equalizer and discussing the process of trying to find the balance between the various costs as well as maintaining functionality and delivering on certain desires features. For example, the solution that may cost a person less time and frustration may cost more money or energy to manufacture and/or maintain. Alternatively, the solution that is most sustainable and efficient energy-wise might be harder to learn and use. Any given project probably has a lot of these factors to take into consideration. The same problem of reducing costs in one area causing costs in another area to rise is discussed in both the Low-tech Magazine solar-powered website article and the "Digital Humanities and the Climate Crisis" piece. It is rare to find a solution to (or a way to mitigate) one problem that doesn't have an adverse (or cost-increasing) effect on another aspect of the project. Many times, as in these articles, the initiatives and solutions proposed by sustainability- and accessibility-minded digital humanists (and others) are regarded as imperfect or incomplete because they cannot fully address all aspects of a given problem, but they serve at least to raise awareness of the costs, stakeholders, and systems (of hegemony, oppression, capitalism, etc.) that affect and are affected by these problems. 

*"The Internet is not an autonomous being. Its growing energy use is the consequence of actual decisions made by software developers, web designers, marketing departments, publishers, and internet users. With a lightweight, off-the-grid, solar-powered website, we want to show that other decisions can be made."* - Kris De Decker @ Low-tech Magazine

## Afternoon

This afternoon I worked on some of the DSSF Blog site information in the _config.yml file and edited the website's footer. I then worked on integrating Arlowe's work on the navigation bar into the master branch. In doing so, I resolved a few issues and conflicts between the stylesheets to which our head.html file refers, fixing the issue we had with the nav bar styles overriding the css we had been writing, and I essentially ended up creating a new hybrid layout (in the header.html and layout.scss files) which integrates the responsive features of Arlowe's nav bar with the responsive features that we already had in our layput.scss file. I also helped Adrianna and Rafiun resolve an issue where the text they were formatting was not wrapped properly. I will take note here that Adrianna and Rafiun have been creating new layouts (in the _layouts folder) that do not reference the default.html file in the front matter of their files, so when it comes time to integrate their work into the master branch, attention should be paid to that to make sure each layout has all the necessary features.

I feel good about beginning to integrate some of the things each of us DSSFs has been working on individually into the main branch of the project repository and seeing it all work. I have felt pleased with myself for continuing to learn and solve problems, and I feel that my understanding of front-end web development has improved dramatically over the course of this past week.
