---
layout: posts
title: Designing the DSSF blogsite 
date: 2022-06-16 09:31:34 -0400 
author: Adrianna Morsey
---

One of our first assignments as a team was to design and code a blog site to host information Welcome to my first blog post! Here I’ve written a short snapshot of what I am working on as a Digital Summer Scholarship fellow:

While I now have a website that is functional and pretty, the process of creating my personal website was one of trial and error. When I first started, the hardest part was getting used to using CSS and HTML and their syntax. The structure of the two languages and how they function together was very confusing to me at first and I often felt frustrated with my slow progress. However, as learning often goes, the learning curve was steepest at the beginning. After I picked up a basic level of comfortability with using the code, I quickly set off to building my own website.

It’s interesting looking back at my progress because I had so many expectations for how the process would go or how my website would look that just didn’t end up as expected, so I had to change my goals along the way. At first, I wanted to build a website that looked like the author John Green’s website. It’s super sleek and colorful and has a creative layout—it’s very well designed in my opinion. However, my level of coding knowledge was not at that level yet (it had only been a day or two) so I had to readjust my expectations. I also tried to use Jekyll for a website template, but I ended up getting frustrated after a day of trying and went back to HTML and CSS. I was so grateful to return to the familiarity of the code that just a week ago I despised haha. On Wednesday and Thursday, I modeled my current website after a modern Jekyll template with a sleek design, and I couldn’t be more happy with the end result: Adrianna’s website 1.0.0, because there will be more to come. I can say now that working on troubleshooting the code / website-building process has helped me gain so much more confidence in myself, my coding, and my ability to take on future projects.
