---
layout: posts
title:  "DSSF Log 06-09-22"
date:   2022-06-09 04:30:00 -0400
author: Cameron Boucher
---

I spent the majority of the day working on my site at cboucher01.github.io. I removed the default content that came with the template I used for the website and added my own content. I also changed some of the theme colors and formatting.

In the afternoon Alice led the DSSFs in a Web Accessibility Workshop. I found the workshop illuminating, and it contained a lot of information that will be good to keep in mind going forward as I continue to work on web development and design.

Alice introduced us to the WAVE Web Accessibility Evaluation Tool, and we used it to evaluate the accessibility of our sites. I was surprised at some of the good accessibility features my site had that came in the jekyll template I used, but it was also interesting to see that, although the code was well documented (and the documentation emphasized accessibility), the template did not encourage the use of alt text on images. I went into the code for my website after evaluating it in the WAVE tool and figured out how to add alt-text to my images. I found that some of the images were using the 'title' attribute for text attached to the images rather than the 'alt' attribute. The WAVE tool highlighted this and said that, while using the 'title' attribute is better than nothing, using the 'alt' attribute would make the alt text more accessible, so I changed the 'title' attribute to 'alt' on the images in the Projects section of my site.

It was a bit more difficult for me to figure out how to add alt-text to the profile image on the about page, because the template seems to prioritize simplifying the process of adding a profile image and does not guide the user to add alt-text to it. In fact, the 'about.html' file had code written that would use the file name of the image as its alt text, so I went in and changed it to use a description I wrote instead.

I feel like I learned a lot about Jekyll from trying to figure out how to make sense of the code in the template I used and to change it to improve accessibility.

I have included below my Accessibility Task List for my website, which I put together after first running my site through the WAVE tool. It is organized by priority with the things I must do being the highest priority, things I should do being what I will do once the "musts" are taken care of, and things that I can do being stuff that I will do if I have time after finishing the other things.

**Must**
- fix alt text on images
- fix color contrast in light mode

**Should**
- make light/dark mode selectable with tab

**Can**
- fix color contrast on some non-vital decorative/organizational elements
