---
layout: single
title:  "This is a post with a gallery"
date:   2022-07-01 14:00:00 -0400
category: "How-To"
header:
    teaser: /assets/images/default-1.jpg
    # image: /assets/images/home.jpg  # Putting the path to an image here will replace the header image.
    image_description: "Describe your image here" # It is good practice to include an image desription as alt text.
    caption: # Put a caption for your image here. It will display in the bottom right corner of the image.
gallery:
  - url: /assets/images/default-1.jpg
    image_path: /assets/images/default-1.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 1"
    title: "Image 1 title caption"
  - url: /assets/images/default-2.jpg
    image_path: /assets/images/default-2.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 2"
    title: "Image 2 title caption"
  - url: /assets/images/default-3.jpg
    image_path: /assets/images/default-3.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 3"
    title: "Image 3 title caption"
  - url: /assets/images/default-4.jpg
    image_path: /assets/images/default-4.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 4"
    title: "Image 4 title caption"
---

This is a post with a gallery, and we can write about how to add a gallery to any post or page here.

Dorian Gray threw his hat and coat upon the table and passed into the library. For a quarter of an hour he walked up and down the room, biting his lip and thinking. Then he took down the Blue Book from one of the shelves and began to turn over the leaves. "Alan Campbell, 152, Hertford Street, Mayfair." Yes; that was the man he wanted. At nine o'clock the next morning his servant came in with a cup of chocolate on a tray and opened the shutters. Dorian was sleeping quite peacefully, lying on his right side, with one hand underneath his cheek. He looked like a boy who had been tired out with play, or study.

The man had to touch him twice on the shoulder before he woke, and as he opened his eyes a faint smile passed across his lips, as though he had been lost in some delightful dream. Yet he had not dreamed at all. His night had been untroubled by any images of pleasure or of pain. But youth smiles without any reason. It is one of its chiefest charms.

He turned round, and leaning upon his elbow, began to sip his chocolate. The mellow November sun came streaming into the room. The sky was bright, and there was a genial warmth in the air. It was almost like a morning in May.

{% include gallery layout="half" caption="This is a sample gallery with **Markdown support**." %}

Gradually the events of the preceding night crept with silent, blood-stained feet into his brain and reconstructed themselves there with terrible distinctness. He winced at the memory of all that he had suffered, and for a moment the same curious feeling of loathing for Basil Hallward that had made him kill him as he sat in the chair came back to him, and he grew cold with passion. The dead man was still sitting there, too, and in the sunlight now. How horrible that was! Such hideous things were for the darkness, not for the day.

He felt that if he brooded on what he had gone through he would sicken or grow mad. There were sins whose fascination was more in the memory than in the doing of them, strange triumphs that gratified the pride more than the passions, and gave to the intellect a quickened sense of joy, greater than any joy they brought, or could ever bring, to the senses. But this was not one of them. It was a thing to be driven out of the mind, to be drugged with poppies, to be strangled lest it might strangle one itself.