---
layout: posts
title:  "DSSF Log 06-03-22"
date:   2022-06-03 04:30:00 -0400
author: Cameron Boucher
---

This morning we discussed setting SMART goals. SMART goals are specific, measurable, achievable, relevant, and time-bound. I thought about what it would mean to set SMART goals for my personal webpage. Finishing the webpage is itself a goal of mine, but within that goal there are several sub-goals I should achieve before I can finish the website. These sub-goals include becoming more comfortable using HTML and CSS. In order to achieve these sub-goals I should practice not only building the website, but also consulting resources and tutorials.

Also this morning, I read the "How the internet was invented" article by Ben Tarnoff. As a group, we discussed the article and took note of the author's use of language that glorifies American militarism and imperialism. I also watched some of the How Computers Work videos and found them informative and engaging. It was nice to have some visual aids to show what is going on in a computer, and it was cool to see that all of the speakers, even though they all work with computers in one way or another, come from different backgrounds and professions. Then, as a group, we discussed some of our earliest encounters with the Internet, mine being the online games (Internet Checkers, Internet Backgammon, etc.) that came with Windows XP on my grandparents' computer.

In the afternoon, I got set up with Domain of One's Own and deployed my personal webpage. After that, I continued to work with HTML and CSS to create my personal website. I did somewhat of a design overhaul on it and changed the color scheme and vibe I was initially working with. I got the navigation bar working the way I've been wanting it to. I need to figure out how to implement a logo for my name that acts as a link back to the homepage.
