---
layout: posts
title:  Considering "Digital Humanities and the Climate Crisis" and "How to Build a Low-Tech Website"
date:   2022-06-17 10:45:00 -0400
author: Arlowe Willingham
---
"The digital is material." Here, at the beginning of the manifesto, we return to a challenge that the 2022 DSSF has issued since the start of our summer together. As a learning goal, we are confronting the perception that the digital world is an ephemeral being with a vast, infinite, unknowable form. It is instead very real. It is something that takes up space. It runs on a piece you can hold in your hand and can be directly influenced by us. "We can resist the perceived ethereality of the digital, when the reality is stuff, power, and pollution." In this resistance we begin to reject ideas that are foundational to excluding marginalized voices and underserved communities from these spaces and discussions on the digital. The so-called "ephemerality" of the digital

In Low-Tech Magazine's "How To Build a Low-Tech Website" I am intrigued by some of the methods used to make a website that utilizes less power and what we can take from it in building our own site (both the blog and the medium for displaying our Toolkit). I think that a fundamental aspect of searching for low-tech digital solutions, is to communicate the expectations of more sustainable, accessible, functional, static sites. When making this shift, there will be a loss of the intricacy that we are used to in the transition and implementation of these sites. As Low-tech magazine says, its sustainable, solar-powered site will have days where it is entirely offline due to the power source which sustains it. This is a common thread among sustainable action communities, attempting to convey that what new, better systems may lack in convenience they make up for in their environmental footprint, which can be harder to see and appreciate. When people are able to divest from fast fashion, they must grapple with a similar lack of convenience for well-made, more expensive, less readily-available clothes. Any major adjustments or changes will come with learning curves and setbacks. But if people are looking into our Toolkit and how to be more sustainable overall in terms of their interactions with the digital, there is likely an underlying dedication to these goals that should hopefully fuel them through what they might miss about old tools. Though, acknowledging this adjustment and perceived loss in scholarship is important to our documentation.

Another item on my mind in regards to our documentation and Toolkit development, after reading these articles and returning to this idea of concretizing the digital as a physical, energy-consuming entity, is the difference of delivery in the types of media we have been exposed to about it. I am considering the "How Computers/How The Internet Works" series that we watched and how this was discussed in an introductory manner geared towards inspiring curiosity or providing helpful tools and the same throughline applying in both of these written works but pertaining specifically to debunking the mythos around the digital world having no effect on the physical world in the context of making active changes towards climate justice in this space. I think that while our project is geared towards Digital Humanities, it is important to consider as we collect documentation and resources, where people in the Digital Humanities are coming from. In my experience, because these fields are so vast and nuanced, like we discussed yesterday in the Data Cleaning workshop, why DH data is typically so much "messier", the array of experience and knowledge of everything that we are working with is just as expansive. While we won't be able to fulfill everyone's needs at all points of our Toolkit, it is important to begin thinking from the outset how we want to structure our information and resource network to accommodate different backgrounds, contexts, and familiarity with the toolkit material.

### Articles Referenced:
**Digital Humanities and the Climate Crisis, a manifesto**: [https://dhc-barnard.github.io/dhclimate/](https://dhc-barnard.github.io/dhclimate/)

**How to Build a Low-Tech Website**: [https://solar.lowtechmagazine.com/2018/09/how-to-build-a-lowtech-website/](https://dhc-barnard.github.io/dhclimate/)
