---
layout: single
title:  "This is a post with a bibliography"
date:   2022-07-06 10:00:00 -0400
category: "How-To"
header:
    teaser: /assets/images/default-4.jpg
    # image: /assets/images/home.jpg  # Putting the path to an image here will replace the header image.
    image_description: "Describe your image here" # It is good practice to include an image desription as alt text.
    caption: # Put a caption for your image here. It will display in the bottom right corner of the image.
bibliography: true
---

This post contains quotes from books that are in the public domain, such as this one from *Dracula*: "It is really wonderful how much resilience there is in human nature" {% cite dracula %}. The bibliography at the bottom of this post is generated by the jekyll-scholar plugin. You can find more about the plugin [here](https://github.com/inukshuk/jekyll-scholar). 

## Adding Cited Works to the Site Repo

In order to make citations in a post like this one, you will have to add the works you intend to cite as entries in the references.bib file in the site's _bibliography directory. Each entry in the references.bib file must be in BibTeX format. Check out [this helpful guide](https://www.bibtex.com/g/bibtex-format/) to get an understanding of what BibTeX format is and how to use it. Citation generators can create BibTeX entries for you, or you can type them up them yourself (which may even be easier to do). For more information on BibTeX entry types and templates, check out these links:
- [BibTeX Entry Types](https://www.bibtex.com/e/entry-types/)
- [BibTeX Templates](https://www.bibtex.com/format/#templates)

## Creating Citations in Posts

(add information about creating citations using liquid syntax)

Jekyll Scholar also supports citations in block quotes.
{% quote dorian %}
"They say that when good Americans die they go to Paris," chuckled Sir Thomas, who had a large wardrobe of Humour's cast-off clothes.

"Really! And where do bad Americans go to when they die?" inquired the duchess.

"They go to America," murmured Lord Henry.
{% endquote %}

## Footnotes and Bibliography

This section is being used to experiment with the use of both footnotes and a bibliography. Here is a sentence from *The Picture of Dorian Grey*: "But he never fell into the error of arresting his intellectual development by any formal acceptance of creed or system, or of mistaking, for a house in which to live, an inn that is but suitable for the sojourn of a night, or for a few hours of a night in which there are no stars and the moon is in travail." [^1] The preceding footnote contains a citation.

[^1]: This is an example footnote with a citation inside. Perhaps it could contain further analysis of the quote, or mention another part of the book or some other book or criticism. For the purposes of showing what it would look like, we will just cite the book itself {% cite dorian %}.

If you intend to use both footnotes and a bibliography on a post, I recommend ending the post with a level-2 header called "Notes," like the one below.

## Notes